readme.md, before:

# Usage & Description
Use the [OpenWeather API](https://openweathermap.org/api) to retrieve weather data for cities. A weather dashboard with form inputs provides a place to search for a city
in order to present  current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history. The current city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index are presented to the user as well as the the 5-day forecast (displaying the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, and the humidity). When a user selects the previous cities searched the dashboard is updated to reflect the city conditions.

# Screenshot - Sample User Journey

![Screen Shot 2020-12-20 at 10 48 31 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2013291/102747709-94843a80-4315-11eb-8c28-d4f343fdd27f.png)

![Screen Shot 2020-12-20 at 10 48 45 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2013291/102747712-95b56780-4315-11eb-8783-37d921e727d8.png)

![Screen Shot 2020-12-20 at 10 48 56 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2013291/102747714-96e69480-4315-11eb-8679-3003630cda67.png)


# Link to live page
https://mrramontorres.github.io/weather-dashboard/

Commit message:

refreshed read me pages and added UV index color coding.

readme.md, after:

# Usage & Description
Use the [OpenWeather API](https://openweathermap.org/api) to retrieve weather data for cities. A weather dashboard with form inputs provides a place to search for a city
in order to present  current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history. The current city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index are presented to the user as well as the the 5-day forecast (displaying the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, and the humidity). When a user selects the previous cities searched the dashboard is updated to reflect the city conditions.

# Screenshot - Sample User Journey
## Start page will appear as follows
<img width="1440" alt="Start" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2013291/102924673-e1b3f980-4446-11eb-9f0f-024e79daad64.png">

## A user can load the first city
<img width="1438" alt="First Add" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2013291/102924675-e2e52680-4446-11eb-89b4-572a2145d825.png">

## A user can load the second city - notice the UV Index color changes
<img width="913" alt="Second Add with UV change of color" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2013291/102924679-e4165380-4446-11eb-96e6-8c35fa61215a.png">

## A user can add another city 
<img width="1436" alt="Third add" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2013291/102924680-e4165380-4446-11eb-8087-a69ad45b00de.png">

## A user can click back to a previously entered city
<img width="1435" alt="Click previous" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2013291/102924682-e4aeea00-4446-11eb-94ef-e2e4a1c1c142.png">

# Link to live page
https://mrramontorres.github.io/weather-dashboard/
